then speedo i play such a line
Real Madrid also played in Russia and
greece and italy poland today
present at international Belgium as
online alley
greece beautiful victory our lions what the
politicians especially
noticed today I especially think you
saw that there was already a team that
there was a very high intensity there
everyone is prepared
to go through the fire for each other and then
will be nice to see and even though this
expected so early in the campaign
you still don't think so many copies
is going to be and then you see that they are
huge already have fun
by defending because they know too
but also in Greece has more
talent but you see that is really one
very good whole was two years ago
were we
90 in europe we may aspire to be top 8
this Belgo mine some colors that
is also added to the preliminary week I think
the match there must match
the julia group is feasible on paper
but that there are no gifts so me
think at there really what sector she became
must think and really assume
ambition must reach its second round and
then we'll see
but not yet dreaming of top 8
on there is no point in it and very much
good countries and everyone we do that top
8 so get something like that one day
energetic to speak of that
I think get second round and then see
we do
then everything can be had today also quarrel
does get a small boost in it
Belgium the minus 100 wind that had top 8
we must be there we are doing well
should we blew there
continue to build in and we have
huge future but I think we do
anyway or are reasonably insured
it also later they were couples large
boys are popping up in the coming years
the temporary are not favored
physically in Belgium where we don't have very many
tall people
so i guess that's a bit in need
but I think we can
indeed have seen that has anyway
shouting a lot of talent that we see
that also in recent years now in the
Belgian competition where players
actually have to play since the six
Belgian rule and that people are sitting
make enormous progress because they are allowed to play
I personally think team and the
national youth teams that he
benefit from it
ok thomas thanks and see you next